Oh my god
If you hadn't eaten inside and out that day
We have so many brothers
How could it be taken away by all the forbidden guards?
You fart
I really know people and don't know my heart, big brother.
There is only one undercover agent in the world
That's Hugh God
Hahahaha
Hello, Green
You really opened my eyes
Big brother hasn't sprayed blood yet
Don't be fooled.
Brother, I have been with you for ten years
The blood of the world can be learned
Heaven and earth conscience, big brother hahaha
It's still there
You told me yourself that you have been a dog for ten years
I have long wanted to take the second generation of my eldest brother and eat them
I kind of figured it out
You collude one by one
Just to mess with me, right?
Humph
Put the words here today
You're messing with people you shouldn't mess with
This is me fighting four streets
The injury I carried for my eldest brother back then
This is me at Crouching Tiger Villa
Barehanded and the Axe Gang
There is also a wound on my back on the opposite side
Qiangsheng Group wants to turn against the water
None of my brothers came out
I don't even know my life in the villa
You are not the undercover, you are the undercover
Big brother and second master have a life-threatening relationship with us
We all believe in the second brother
Don't hit the forest.
We must severely punish the storage maniac
You want to fight me?
You made a little trouble
Not before doesn't mean not now
Carry can be found today
This means that the undercover agent must have a cat on him
Brother Zhong said that Shanbao confiscated a piece of facial tissue from you
The undercover must die today